Add @griffel/transform package boilerplate (#707)
microsoft/griffel: packages/transform/README.md

# Griffel transform

> A Babel preset that performs build time transforms for [`@griffel/react`](../react).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A package that performs build time transforms for Griffel [`@griffel/react`](../react).
```

# Babel preset for Griffel

A Babel preset that performs build time transforms for [`@griffel/react`](../react).

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Install](#install)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

> > [!CAUTION]
> > We don't recommend to use this preset directly, it's intended to be used by other tools like [webpack loader](../webpack-loader) or [Vite plugin](../vite-plugin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
